Grids.columnAutoWidth: Fix awkward wording (#2416)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/columnAutoWidth.md

---
When this property is set to **true**, all columns adjust their width to the content.

> If the {WidgetName} is wider that its overall content, the columns are stretched to occupy all available width. To avoid this, set the **columns**.[width]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#width) property to *"auto"*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the {WidgetName} is wider than its overall content, the columns are stretched to occupy all available width. To avoid this, set the [columnWidth]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#columnWidth) or **columns**.[width]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#width) property to *"auto"*.
```
